{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1321\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hello!\
\
Thanks for downloading PSDtoXcode! Before we get started, let\'92s make sure you have everything set up. Please check that you have either Photoshop CC or Photoshop CS 6 installed on your computer.\
\
Next click on Finder and open up your Applications folder. Double-click on the version of Photoshop you want to use. Once there, click on the Presets and then the Scripts folder. Go ahead and paste the \'93PSDtoXcode.jsxbin\'94 file you downloaded from the website here. \
\
Now, go ahead and restart Photoshop and we\'92re ready to move to the next step. Next you\'92ll need to ungroup and unprotect all the layers you want the script to affect. Secondly, we need to label the Photoshop layers so the script knows what to convert it to in Xcode. \
\
For any layer you want represented as a button, make sure the layer title includes one of the following words: btn, bttn, or buttons. For any layer you want to represented as an image view, make sure the layer title includes one of the following words: image/img. Any text layer can remain as a text layer, you don\'92t need to change it or retitle it. \
\
Great! We\'92re at the last stretch! Click on File > Scripts > PSDtoXcode. Just select the storyboard file you want this interface added to and let the script work it\'92s magic. \
\
On a side note, if you want iPhone 6 support the Photoshop file needs to be 1334 x 750. Otherwise, only @2x and @x assets will be exported. \
\
Best Regards,\
Aryaman Sharda\
Founder/CEO \
PSDtoXcode}